She simply had nothing to say, and therefore said nothing.
I am not myself.
You're such a storyteller that you believe your own fables.
It was my firm intention to live forever, so anything less is a disappointment.
There are too many of us all. But never enough.
He broke himself trying to save innocents from destruction. He hasn't yet been healed.
I find out what I really want by seeing what I do.
I can't forget it, but I can ignore it. I'm ignoring the world.
For some reason he needs this, needs to have someone damn him.
Better to dangle from strings than to be bound tight by them.
I would rather be mocked for doing a good thing than to be respected, knowing I have done wrong.
Is it necessary that my supposedly wise phrases only seem irrelevant?
Act only when necessary, and then act with maximum force and speed.
No half-measures would do.
You try never to strike anyone, but when you must, you strike only one blow, but such a harsh one that your enemy can never, never strike back.
The only people who ever prize purity of ignorance are those who profit from a monopoly on knowledge.
History has no laws, and all patterns that we find there are useful illusions.
I am a man of perfect simplicity.
You don't endure the unendurable.
Somebody has to decide what to do. Somebody has to decide what to believe, and then act on it.
He just sees to it that the price is paid, be whoever has the means to pay it.
I don't want you to find me. Stay lost in the darkness.
We all act because we're sure of what we want, and we believe that the actions we perform will get us what we want, but we never know anything for sure.
Knowledge is just opinion that you trust enough to act upon.
Even gentle people realize that sometimes the decision not to kill is a decision to die.
Where loyalty bound creatures together, they became something larger.
The truth is that no person ever understands another, from beginning to end of life, there is no truth that can be known, only the story we imagine to be true, the story they tell us is true, the story they really believe to be true about themselves; and all of them lies.
Spread, widen, flatten, fade. Like all waves. Like all shocks.
Life is a suicide mission.
But the truth is the only thing worth believing, isn't it?
But if you won't believe the truth, someone has to help you come up with plausible lies.
I hear what she says to me, but I can't hear what she chooses not to say.
Have I lost my mind? Or have I, finally, found my heart?
When he speaks, I can feel the words straining to contain the things he wants to say, and they can't do it.
You have needed everything you didn't have, and I can't believe that you're so weak that you can't reach for it even now.
Oh. I'm sorry to hear you say something so stupid.
Everyone dies. Everyone leaves. What matters is the things you build together before they go.
It feels true to you because you always want to believe the worst about yourself. But it's not true.
All the stories are fictions. What matters is which fiction to believe.
I want all bad things to go away and everybody to be happy.
The military, when it has such power placed again in its hands, this time will not let it go.
A man who has risked his life knows that careers are worthless, and a man who will not risk his career has a worthless life.
He would not spare me, he would know the worst that is in my heart. But then, having judged me, he would also love me.
He knew, however, that this would not be a wise moment to express his mirth.
The only person I'm feeling compassion for right now is me. They call it self-pity, and it isn't an attractive trait.
I've had your tears with mine, and you've had mine with yours.
Just because we might all die here on this little world does not undo the lives before the deaths.
Death undoes everything.
Even if our lives are unknown, the fact that someone lived here, and died, that will have repercussions, that will shape the universe.
I can't lead her to a place where I can't go myself.
He was useless until she came back. Until he knew the outcome, he could think of nothing else.
Till death ends all surprises.
For he would know that he did what was necessary for the sake of all of humanity.
Sir, I always have and always will live by my oath.
I'm saying what I said.
There are times when you have to defend yourself or someone else against relentless evil. And some of those times the only defense that has any hope of succeeding is a one-time use of brutal, devastating force. At such times good people act brutally.
You're too ready to make devastatingly far-reaching decisions and then refuse to let any argument change your mind.
