It's easy to manipulate them when they're absolutely sure you're stupid.
Eloquence doesn't imply intelligence or deep analysis.
You've got to do something with your life.
During that time he had even come to think of them as his friends. But he was never one of them; their relationship was too unequal.
Or, or, or, or, over and over he ran through possible explanations.
I will not rest until I know you.
You see? I do have some weapons you fear.
I'm sure he knows that in his head. But in his heart?
Since you are an admiral, however you talk is like an admiral, sir.
Willingness is the single most important test.
You cannot lead strangers, you can only coerce or bribe them.
I'm asking for independent verification. I can't tell you anything.
It would be so much easier if I weren't determined to do what's best for everybody.
Your responsibility is to receive what he gives, and to give him what he asks only if you think it's good. You do not have either the right or the responsibility to give him what he specifically asks you not to give. That would be no gift.
There are so many powerful people in this world who refuse to see any vision they didn't think of.
She had approached him like a stranger, watching everything to see what he did, what he said, and what he seemed to mean by all he did and said.
Thank you for all you taught me, and for standing by me.
All of you, good and bad, kind and selfish, goodbye to you, I am no longer one of you, neither your pawn nor your savior. I resign my commission.
Which is odd, since centrifugal force is also inertial, and you'd think it would also be suppressed.
Presumably, we will arrive at our destination someday.
Or was he really that perfectly poised, so it seemed that nothing surprised him?
He always said what he meant and meant what he said.
I will do all I can to put things back in order and bring peace. Without, I hope, waging too much war along the way.
It wouldn't have been within his rights, but it would certainly have been in his power.
This only refers to what he consciously plans, not what he unconsciously desires.
Our future depends on knowing what he is going to do before he does it.
Thus you see how I plan for things that can't be planned for.
I don't have to say what you already know.
I don't want him asking my advice because he doesn't need it and he might follow it.
Maybe you mean what you're saying, maybe you're sincere. But you're also being used.
There are rules to everything, even if nobody made them up, even if nobody calls it a game.
You can't be happy if you're pretending all the time.
Doesn't it occur to you that I actually know what I'm doing? Can't you just have a little faith in me?
Don't judge me until you understand me. You can't understand me if you've already judged me.
He will obey the law, because it's the same law that gives him his absolute authority during a voyage.
You have no idea how happy it makes me that you don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't want to lie to you. So I'll only tell you true things.
She cannot understand me or what I need, she does not know me well enough to trust me, and it drives her crazy.
You are the explaination of much that is unexplainable.
How can anybody know the relative weight of sins and great achievements?
Whatever burden I'm carrying, it was worth it because we won.
I have a lot of mercy. I just don't have any manners.
Nobody can protect anyone fully.
Doesn't this mean that it's not his fault, because he really had no choice but to destroy his enemies?
With all due respect, you don't know anything.
