It was a lie, of course, that it wouldn't hurt a bit. But since adults always said that when it was going to hurt, he could count on that statement as an accurate prediction of the future. Sometimes lies were more dependable than the truth.
Can't think of anything to answer. Anything I say will make it worse. So will say nothing.
I have to win this now, and for all time, or I'll fight it every day and it will get worse and worse.
Our tests are very good. But they don't tell us everything. In fact, when it comes down to it, they hardly tell us anything. But they're better than nothing.
Individual human beings are all tools, that the others use to help us all survive.
A good commander doesn't have to make stupid threats.
Hot anger was bad. Ender's anger was cold, and he could use it. Bonzo's was hot, and so it used him.
The enemy's gate is down.
Soldiers can sometimes make decisions that are smarter than the orders they've been given.
Fairness is a wonderful attribute. It has nothing to do with war.
Commanders have just as much authority as you let them have.
They get us to fight each other, to hate each other. The game is everything. Win win win. It amounts to nothing.
That's why he hates you, because you didn't suffer when he tried to punish you.
It changed everything, to have that seed growing. It made him listen more carefully to what people meant, instead of what they said. It made him wise.
They have a word for people our age. They call us children and they treat us like mice.
I will remember this when I am defeated. To keep dignity and give honor where it's due, so that defeat is not disgrace.
In my experience, influence is power.
Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be.
I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves.
There is no teacher but the enemy.
Humanity does not ask us to be happy. It merely asks us to be brilliant on its behalf.
I did it the way I did it, and it worked. Above all, it worked.
