The difference between raman and varelse is not in the creature judged, but in the creature judging. When we declare an alien species to be raman, it does not mean that they have passed a threshold of moral maturity. It means that we have.
I imagine it feels like bathing in ice to the person touching her. But how does it feel to her? Cold as she is, it must surely burn like fire.
If you take this test you'll pass it. But before I let you take it I have to know: who will you become when you pass? What do you believe in, what are you part of, what do you care about, what do you love?
I hoped. I believed in you. I wanted to help you do what you dreamed of doing. As long as it was something good.
They were sent many new entertainment programs by ansible, despite the expense, to help take their mind off the grisly murder.
My argument? I asked a question. A question isn't an argument, unless you think you know my answer, and I assure you that you do not.
She answers questions with answers; you just answer with more questions.
They oriented themselves to him, as if he were the center of gravity in the room.
He had found that the best way to earn trust was to tell the truth
No human being, when you understand his desires, is worthless. No one's life is nothing.
But since we have no priesthood, we have to make do with reason and logic as poor substitutes for authority.
Ignorance and deception can't save anybody. Knowing saves them.
Since we don't know what we're doing, it's nobody's fault when we do things wrong.
A strange thing happened then. The Speaker agreed with her that she had made a mistake that night, and she knew when he said the words that it was true, that his judgement was correct. And yet she felt strangely healed, as if simply speaking her mistake was enough to purge some of the pain of it. For the first time, then, she caught a glimpse of what the power of speaking might be. It wasn't a matter of confession, penance, and absolution, like the priests offered. It was something else entirely. Telling the story of who she was, and then realizing that she was no longer the same person. That she had made a mistake, and the mistake had changed her, and now she would not make the mistake again because she had become someone else, someone less afraid, someone more compassionate.
I speak to everyone in the language they understand. That isn't being slick, it's being clear.
You're so busy pretending to believe them, there isn't a chance in the world you could learn anything from them.
Renegades. Those who have denied their own people, and claimed the enemy as their own.
We question all our beliefs, except for the ones we really believe, and those we never think to question.
Sickness and healing are in every heart. Death and deliverance are in every hand.
That's stupid. Isn't there grass on both sides.
He wasn't telling the truth, with trumpets; he was telling the truth, the story that you wouldn't think to doubt because it's taken for granted.
I think you can't possibly know the truth about somebody unless you love them.
I know he loves me. And when he shows me that he loves me, I know it's true, because he never lies to anybody.
There are many choices, and many reasons for choosing.
Humankind almost never forgives true greatness.
We become one tribe because we say we're one tribe.
I never went to the priests to confess, because I knew they would despise me for my sin. Yet when you named all my sins today, I could bear it because I knew you didn't despise me.
I'm not one to despise other people for their sins. I haven't found one yet, that I didn't say inside myself, I've done worse than this.
Once you understand what people really want, you can't hate them anymore. You can fear them, but you can't hate them, because you can always find the same desires in your own heart.
That's as sure as we ever are of anything. We believe it enough to act as though it's true.
