To stop a human being from doing something, you must find a way to make the person stop wanting to do it.
The inability to move frees me from the obligation to act.
We know our lovers with perfect understanding. Humans invent an imaginary lover and put that mask over the face of the body in their bed.
If words can be lethal weapons, I must provide them with an arsenal.
He had not yet despaired, he decided. There might yet be something he could do that might justify his continuing to live in this body.
He wasn't used to people looking at him without shock or pity.
I choose to live in a universe that has some hope in it.
Human beings do metamorphose. They change their identity constantly. However, each new identity thrives on the delusion that it was always in possession of the body it has just conquered.
I desire it enough to act as if I believed. Maybe that's what faith is.
But if I believe an idea, it becomes my own.
The wise are not wise because they make no mistakes. They are wise because they correct their mistakes as soon as they recognize them.
Nobody imagined Jane, and therefore nobody found her.
Nobody else could see it because nobody had ever brought an unbiased, methodical mind to the investigation.
I decided not to be afraid of anything. What could you do to me that's worse than my life will already be anyway.
But I forgive you for loving me to excess. It is the gentlest and kindest of vices.
Every day all people judge all other people. The question is whether we judge wisely.
We spend our lives guessing at what's going on inside everybody else, and when we happen to get lucky and guess right, we think we "understand." Such nonsense.
However long it takes you, do come home.
You did hurt me. And I hurt you. It's a popular pastime here. Help me up.
Is this something you decide, or does it just come naturally to you?
You do know everything, don't you.
I really don't fear death. I never knew that.
As long as one being gets others to bow to him because he has the power to destory them and all they have and all they love, then all of us must be afraid together.
It might be possible because you can think of it, and if you can think of it maybe somebody could do it.
If you understood it, I wouldn't have to tell it to you.
It's a foolish man who thinks a true story can mean only one thing.
A slave who rejoices is a slave indeed.
Do you know what life is and what it isn't?
The highest beings of all are the ones who are willing to pay any personal cost for the good of those who need them.
Maybe we're the fools, for thinking we know things. Maybe humans are the only ones who can deal with the fact that nothing can ever be known at all.
I know that death is not the worst thing in this world.
He stepped around her and stood in the doorway, his hands on the doorframe. Pushing outward, as if he were trying to press the walls out of his way. Or perhaps he was clinging to the walls, hoping they could hold him in.
You've never seen a riot, have you?
I want life to go on as normally as possible.
People only really believe in what they've seen before.
From all wise men, O Lord, protect us.
Me first! These are my brothers! Kill me first!
Let's say I'm a suspecter. I suspect there may be someone who cares what happens to us. That's one step better than merely wishing. And one step below hoping.
We never forbid where we do not also have the power to prevent.
We knew you would reach that conclusion.
You have always been useless. But that doesn't mean you aren't necessary.
You didn't try. You watched. You made connections in your mind. You asked questions.
We prescribe our own medicine for each other.
You take a breath. You let it out. Then you take another.
Isn't it possible for one person to love another without trying to own each other?
There's something we have, something we are, that wasn't caused by anything else.
Nothing that actually happens is likely until it exists, and then it's certain.
When you have wisdom that another person knows that he needs, you give it freely. But when the other person doesn't yet know that he needs your wisdom, you keep it to yourself.
A real god doesn't care about control. A real god already has control of everything that needs controlling. Real gods would want to teach you how to be just like them.
I think you don't grow up until you stop worrying about other people's purposes or lack of them and find the purposes you believe in for yourself.
Was there any way to judge people, if you can't even judge by their purpose.
I can only judge by what I understand.
That's just it. They have a hunger we know nothing about. The hunger for answers. The hunger for making sense. The hunger for stories.
As if he conceives of a new universe to live in, every hour a new one, often hopelessly wrong and he ends up making mistakes and bad judgements, but sometimes so perfectly right that it opens things up like a miracle and I look through his eyes and see the world his new way and it changes everything.
I'm good at seeing things. We passive, unbelonging observers always see better.
She thinks she's the only one in the world ever to suffer. I say that without rancor. I have simply observed that she is so full of pain, she's incapable of taking anyone else's pain seriously.
We don't understand the connection but it seems to make sense inside you.
We must do all we can do without destroying our ability to keep doing it.
You're only so sure you're right because they're so sure you're wrong.
If you tell what you know, everybody is wiser. If you keep a secret, then everyone is a fool.
So we know where we need to go, but we can't get there from here.
I'll do what must be done, that only I can do.
When you don't understand the consequences of your acts, how can you be blamed for them?
